Add Support for Go Coverage (#324)
codacy/codacy-coverage-reporter: docs/index.md

    <td><a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/help/dotcover/Running_Coverage_Analysis_from_the_Command_LIne.html">dotCover CLI</a></td>
    <td><code>dotcover.xml</code> (dotCover <a href="troubleshooting-common-issues/#detailedxml">detailedXML</a>)</td>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td>Go</td>
    <td><a href="https://blog.golang.org/cover">Golang</a> Code Coverage</td>

>     <td>See <a href="#submitting-coverage-for-golang">here</a> how to generate coverage reports with Golang</td>

Reviewer: Like this, we give a heads up to users that they'll need to follow some specific instructions for Golang, but hopefully, they won't skip the main instructions on how to set up everything before being ready to call the Codacy Coverage Reporter:

```suggestion
    <td>Golang report files don't have a specific name. Because of this, later in the setup process you must follow <a href="#submitting-coverage-for-golang">specific instructions</a> while submitting coverage to Codacy.</td>
```

    <td><a href="https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/DeveloperTools/Conceptual/testing_with_xcode/chapters/07-code_coverage.html">Xcode</a> Code Coverage</td>
    <td>See below how to generate coverage reports with Xcode</td>
</tr>
<tr>

>     <td>Go</td>

Reviewer: We should order the row for Go alphabetically in the table, just to keep things tidy. :nerd_face:

Reviewer 2: Moved it to the correct place 👍

    <td><a href="https://blog.golang.org/cover">Golang</a> Code Coverage</td>

>     <td>See <a href="#submitting-coverage-for-golang">here</a> how to generate coverage reports with Golang</td>

Reviewer: This table is about generating the coverage reports, while the specific information for Golang has to do with the separate stage of uploading the coverage data. So my suggestion is to simplify here and not mention the detail this soon:

```suggestion
    <td></td>
```

Reviewer: The other alternative is to include the link, but users will jump to the bottom of the page (see my comment below about the placement of this information) and will probably miss the important instructions on how to set up the environment variables and so on before they can upload the coverage data. :thinking:

So I don't link this solution as much:

```suggestion
    <td>See <a href="#submitting-coverage-for-golang">how to submit coverage for Golang</a></td>
```

Reviewer 2: I agree that the user may miss important instructions. But, at the same time, as this is a bit different from the other reports (as it requires the flag because we can't detect automatically the report), shouldn't we have any information about that? Just because if the user doesn't pass the flag it will not work Although there is the section with the instructions.  🤔

Reviewer: I was thinking some more about this, and I reached the conclusion that it's best to:

1. Clarify that the coverage reports for Goland don't have a specific file name
2. There are specific instructions for uploading the coverage data for Golang (when the user reaches that point of the set up process :slightly_smiling_face: )

I'm going to make a suggestion. :+1:

>     <td>See <a href="#submitting-coverage-for-golang">here</a> how to generate coverage reports with Golang`</td>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <td>See <a href="#submitting-coverage-for-golang">here</a> how to generate coverage reports with Golang</td>
```

</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

> ### Submitting coverage for Golang

Reviewer: Right now, these instructions about how to submit coverage for Golang are included in the section about generating the coverage reports - from a user standpoint, we're getting ahead of ourselves since we haven't explained how to upload coverage reports yet! :slightly_smiling_face: 

A better place for this section is right before the one called **Submitting coverage for unsupported languages**, towards the bottom of the page.

> Codacy can't infer the Golang report file because it doesn't have specific report file name.

Reviewer: If I understood correctly, the Coverage Reporter can't automatically detect Golang coverage reports (both to find them and to apply the Go parser).

This is a suggestion to clarify a bit more:

```suggestion
Codacy can't automatically detect Golang coverage report files because they don't have specific file names.
```

> If you're generating a report for Golang, you must enforce the report type when calling Codacy's coverage reporter by doing:

Reviewer: These instructions are for uploading the coverage data (and not for generating the report). To simplify:

```suggestion
If you're uploading a Golang coverage report, you must also specify the report type:
```

```bash
bash <(curl -Ls https://coverage.codacy.com/get.sh) report \

>     --force-coverage-parser go --coverage-reports <your project coverage file name>

Reviewer: We're using the short flag syntax across the documentation, this makes it consistent:

```suggestion
    --force-coverage-parser go -r <your project coverage file name>
```
